bored might start crying for no reason
No professor I can’t write the final I’m not in the right headspace to receive information that could possibly hurt me
beefing on Facebook marketplace , really heated right now don’t dm
due to lack of demand, i will be tweeting
Can’t wait to log onto twitter dot com and tweet about how manly men
just said color instead of colour Can’t stop crying
if you have a boyfriend then why the hell did you tell me you were sorry that my gramdma died
girl you’re really crying over a man who doesn’t even recycle or reduce his carbon footprint ?
just found out someone on the Internet doesn’t like me. cant sleep or eat. don’t dm
Oh that’s your mom? Then why she wait until I safely got inside my house before driving away
is it just me or do rich girls like .. have more hair ...
kids in first year of uni hear a professor say the f word and be looking at each other like
I get so attached if a car drives behind me for a long time .. what are we .. where are you going im Sorry I Cant Be Her
how can I be a misogynist when my mom is a GIRL ? idiot
sorry guys it’s time for me to join baddie twitter
ladies, you’re out with your man in public and a girl looks at him. did he cheat?
thinking abt how I posted a hand pic with veins cause I heard girls like that and then someone said “is that a blood clot”
sorry for the bad tweets This is who i am
being a roman must’ve been tough imagine a dude asks how many bananas you want and you gotta say “i” you probably sound stupid as hell
man...one direction wasn’t playing when they said You’re insecure
When I was in high school they said I’d never make it. That I’d never succeed. I almost gave up. Today? I used the word Thus in a sentence
thinking abt some criminal walking around with the freshest vanilla scented bacteria-free hands out there I’m sick
on this day 2 years ago someone broke into my car and stole my hand sanitizer Can’t stop crying
if Karl Marx were alive today he’d be a belieber
girls start crying and pull up their front camera
people on twitter so dramatic
not NOW mom im trying to start a socialist revolution CLOSE THE DOOR
could never be me lmao imagine being so poor you wear clothes more than once
are u showing ur memoji to other girls yes or no
cheating is one thing but u let her use my beauty blender..?
yes I’m a girl yes I’m an alpha male we exist
spare husband anyone? spare husband?
I forgot a navy seal is like an actual thing I keep thinking about the copypasta
me waiting for my husband to come home from work and explain to me why he talked to a girl in my dream
i think it’s time i let everyone know that girls can’t read
hey i saw you tweet a coherent sentence is everything okay
remember when someone on tumblr said if you dislike when someone is stinky or they don’t shower then that means you hate homeless people
honestly if I were poor I’d just tell my dad to be rich .. sorry about ur poverty but im different
If she’s your mom then why did she just send me a life on candy crush
can’t stop thinking about how men with daddy in their username are allowed to vote
I Showed U My Lecture Notes Answer Me
the J in JFK stands for Jason Derulo
nothing scares me more than the absolute power held by astrology twitter. they just be saying anything and 100k people will immediately agree
how people be choking bruh there’s air all around u ? just breathe